**What is React.js ?**
React is a Javascript library created by facebook.

**Node is a Javascript runtime, that allows us to run javascript code outside of a browser.**

What is npm ?

NPM is node-package manager for javascript, react, angular, vue and other popular frameworks are hosted in node.

uuid -> is a package, which generates random id's basically.

Folder Structure

vite.config.js :- helps us to customize the build process such as adding pluggings, configuring server settings and more.

README.md:- contains details about the file

package.json:- contains meta-data about the project.

dev scripts: builds the development server, while the
build scripts: build the production server.

note: dependencies are required to be installed on our machine to run the application.

package-lock.json ->
this file is automatically generated when the project is being created.
it locks down the versions of dependencies installed on our local machine.

index.html:- this is the main html, within which our app is loaded.
vite uses the root component inside this index.html as the main entry point.

eslint: popular linting tool which tells uss about coding style violations, errors and potential bugs in the code.

**.gitignore**:- this file tells git, which files needs to be ignored while pushing to the remote repository.
(The most important thing to ignore are the node-modules)

/src

main.jsx is the entry point of our react app

index.css:- where we can define the global styles of the application.

/assets: contains media folders and filles like images or icons

app.css: is the main styling file for app.jsx

we can also create as many css files we want

Inline style sheets have the preference over the other styling like external stylesheets and document level stylesheets.
